docs: add password protection FAQ (#100)
algolia/algoliasearch-netlify: README.md

The Algolia Crawler supports JavaScript-rendered websites, but we don't yet expose this option in the plugin. Please [contact us](mailto:support@algolia.com) to enable it.

### My website is password protected<!-- omit in toc -->

> If you've configured the password protection through your Netlify site's settings, the Crawler will automatically use this password to crawl your website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have configured the password protection through your Netlify site's settings, the Crawler will automatically use this password to crawl your website.
```
